PRIVACY POLICY

Last updated October 27, 2025

This Privacy Notice for MauiScreenTime ('we', 'us', or 'our'), describes how and why we might access, collect, store, use, and/or share ('process') your personal information when you use our services ('Services'), including when you:
Download and use our mobile application (MauiScreenTime) or any other application of ours that links to this Privacy Notice Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events Questions or concerns? Reading this Privacy Notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. We are responsible for making decisions about how your personal information is processed. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at 19015831@uhi.ac.uk.

                                            
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS 
This summary provides key points from our Privacy Notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for. What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Learn more about personal information you disclose to us Do we process any sensitive personal information? Some of the information may be considered 'special' or 'sensitive' in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation, and religious beliefs. We may process sensitive personal information when necessary with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Learn more about sensitive information we process Do we collect any information from third parties? We do not collect any information from third parties. How do we process your information? We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn more about how we process your information. In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Learn more about when and with whom we share your personal information.
How do we keep your information safe? 
We have adequate organisational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Learn more about how we keep your information safe What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about  your privacy rights
How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is by submitting a data subject access request, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect? Review the Privacy Notice in full

                                            
TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                            
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
14. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us. We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us. Sensitive Information. When necessary, with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, we process the following categories of sensitive information:
Application Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission: 
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings. Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the application(s). If you wish to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.

2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including: To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user. We may process your information to provide you with the requested service. To save or protect an individual's vital interest. We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.

3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? In Short: We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e. legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfil our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfil our legitimate business interests. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information: Consent. We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e. consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Learn more about withdrawing your consent
Performance of a Contract. We may process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or at your request prior to entering into a contract with you. Legal Obligations. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. Vital Interests. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person. 

4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? In Short:   We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties. We may need to share your personal information in the following situations: Business Transfers.  We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.  

5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES? In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise on our Services, but are not affiliated with, our Services. The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or applications. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The inclusion of a link towards a third-party website, service, or application does not imply an endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third-party websites. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.  
 
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION? In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless otherwise required by law. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.

7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organisational and technical security measures. We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.

8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS? In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect, solicit data from, or market to children under 18 years of age, nor do we knowingly sell such personal information. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at 19015831@uhi.ac.uk.

9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, depending on your country, province, or state of residence. In some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Switzerland), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; (iv) if applicable, to data portability; and (v) not to be subject to automated decision-making. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section ' HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your Member State data protection authority or UK data protection authority If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner. Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section ' HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? below. However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at 19015831@uhi.ac.uk.

10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES  Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track () feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognising and implementing DNT signals has been finalised. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Notice. 

11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated  date at the top of this Privacy Notice. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. 

12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact us by post at: 

13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU? Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, details about how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please fill out and submit a data subject access request.

T&C Cliffnotes
1. We collect data on an opt-in basis which relates to Application Data, Mobile Device Data and Push Notifications. This is primarily required to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.

2. We process your information for a variety of reasons, including: functionality and maintenance of our services, GDPR compliance, and for security and communication purposes.

3. Your personal data is only used under your consent when there is a valid legal reason to do so, which can be explained on request. Your permission can be withdrawn at any time. We may process your information when we believe it necessary for compliance with legal, safety or contractual obligations.

4. Your information may be shared with a third party in limited cases, such as during a merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of the company.

5. We are not responsible for how third party apps, websites, or advertisers handle your data. Links or adverts do not imply an endorsement, and any information you choose to share with those third parties will not be covered by this privacy policy. Any third party privacy policy should be reviewed independently.

6. Your data is kept only for as long as needed for the stated purposes or as required by law. When your data is no longer needed, we will either delete or anonymise it, or securely store it until it can be deleted when possible.

7. We use appropriate and reasonable technical security measures to protect your data as best as possible, but data security cannot be completely guaranteed. As we cannot guarantee protection against all unauthorised access, data transmission is therefore done at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.

8. Users must be at least 18 or have parental permission to use this app. If any date is discovered to be that of anyone under the age of 18, the associated account will be deactivated and all relevant information will be deleted.

9. In regions such as the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you have rights which allow for greater access and control over your data. You are entitled, on request at any time, to access and obtaining a copy of your data, to rectification or deletion of your data, the restriction of processing your data, to data portability if applicable, and to avoiding automated decisions. Your consent can be withdrawn at any time, and users can contact us at any time to exercise their rights. You hold the right to complain to a data standards authority if you believe your data is being misused.

10. While Do-Not-Track features do exist, there is no uniform standard yet. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT signals. If this changes in future, users will be notified in an updated privacy notice.

11. This privacy policy will be updated to stay compliant with relevant laws. Changes will be marked by an updated date, and we may notify you of major changes. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

12. If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact us by post at: 

13. Depending on your countries laws, you may have the right to access, correct, or delete your personal information, or withdraw consent for its processing. Some rights may be limited by law. Please make a data subject access request to request any of the above processes.